[MUSIC]
>> Kent C Dodds: We're going
to deploy to Surge.sh.
The words that I have on the screen
are the words are about to read to you,
so I think you can read.
So what we're gonna do is you have a bin
that is installed in your bin directory
and you're going to use it to generate
a token, so you'll create a Surge account.
They will not steal your identity or
anything but
create a Surge account and
then we're going to create a script
called deploy that we'll use to
deploy your app to your own URL.
So if you want to deploy the app,
then you can follow along.
Yeah, let me actually just pull up this,
so I make sure I don't miss anything.
>> Kent C Dodds: Okay, so here we go.
We'll go to our package.json and
somewhere in here
you would install this surge and
it is 0.18.0.
>> Kent C Dodds: Then I'll
just go ahead and
add the scripts here that we're
gonna need, predeploy, or
actually we'll have just a deploy,
yeah, deploy script.
The reason that we're doing this
script as a separate file is because I
don't want you to have to expose your
token and stuff to everybody and
I didn't wanna expose mine.
So you're simply gonna
run scripts/deploy and
that's the scripts that
you're gonna create yourself.
But before we deploy, we'll say predeploy.
>> Kent C Dodds: We're gonna npm run
build, so then all you need to do when you
deploy this to Surge is run npm run
deploy and it will run the build for you.
In all of your scripting magic, you
probably wanna run the validate script as
well, make sure you're not
pushing something that's broken.
But now, let's go ahead and
make that deploy script.
So a new file called deploy,
>> Kent C Dodds: Oops, sorry,
excuse me, not called deploy,
it's called scripts/deploy.
>> [SOUND]
>> Kent C Dodds: Scripts/deploy and
in here you're going to have a couple
of things you can actually copy.
So if you're on my sites
you can copy this,
so it's Linux or Mac.
You use this with Windows,
I'm pretty sure this will work but
the basic idea is the same.
You create a variable with your login and
your token and
then you are using the Surge binary.
Specify that the project
lives in the dist directory,
which is what we're gonna be sending up.
Yeah, sorry, there was one other
thing I forgot to mention about that
offline plugin that's super cool.
So we were talking about support for
service worker.
Who here has heard of AppCache?
Yeah, cuz it's kind of adead technology,
but
it actually works in I am pretty
sure almost all browsers.
This is like the precursor to
service workers, so offline apps,
it totally works.
It's just a pain in the rear to use and
you can actually shoot yourself in
the foot and make it so users can never,
ever update your app, so beware.
But somebody has done it for you and
I'm pretty sure it's well tested.
So service worker, you can turn this off
but it has AppCache capability and so
if you're on an older browser
then you can use AppCache.
Or if you're not serving on HTTPS,
it'll fall back to AppCache,
which is kind of fancy.
Yeah, so again,
we're surveying it from where
our project lives in the disk directory
and then we specify the domain.
So you can have it be whatever you want
it to be I did todonvc-KentCDodds and
then .surge.sh, and
those are free, those domains.
>> [SOUND]
>> Kent C Dodds: And
again, sorry,
I should say to get your token and
your login and stuff,
go node modules.bin/surge token.
And that will give you a prompt
to enter an email address and
give you back your token.
And then the email address that you
gave Surge is the one you use here and
then the token here.
And then you should be able to just run
npm run deploy and magic will ensue.
I'm not gonna demo it for you.
Well, the heck with it,
you can steal my token, I don't care.
So here I'm gonna run node_module.
Here, I'll go back to
that deploy script for
you, modules/.bin/surge whoami.
I'm not authenticated,
cool, so I'll say token.
Get my email kent+fen-woot@doddsfamily.
>> Kent C Dodds: That's why I don't
care if you steal my token cuz I'm gonna
delete that account later anyway.
>> Kent C Dodds: And
there's my token, still quick.
I'm gonna stick this in my token and
stick this in my login and
stick this as kentcdodds-woot.
Oops, well, yeah,
this should work, npm run deploy.
Go run my build, and
we have that fun equals thing
that bounces all over the place.
Actually, right here what it's doing
is it's applying all the plugins,
so this is where echo find is happening.
Yeah, and permission denied.
Yeah, so I'm not sure how to do this
on Windows, but on Mac it's chmod -x.
This makes it so
I have the ability to run that script.
>> Speaker 2: I would do +x.
>> Kent C Dodds: Thank you, thank you.
>> Speaker 2: In Windows,
everything is executable.
>> Kent C Dodds: Okay, so
you don't need to worry about it.
Execute the world, wow,
that sounds actually really morbid.
>> Speaker 2: [CROSSTALK] [LAUGH]
>> Kent C Dodds: I didn't mean it the way
it sounded.
But cool, so
now it's uploading all of our stuff and
it's running, so I can copy this URL.
Yeah, you all can go to that URL right
now and boom, you have the todos app.
Hey there and you can pop open this stuff.
Pop open your Network tab and take a look
at what things look like in there.
You'll see a couple of these
once you refresh the app,
it'll say from service worker.
Actually, shoot,
I should have done this before.
I'll open an Incognito tab and before I
navigate there I'll open up my dev tools.
And here I'm gonna see a couple things or
I'm loading my styles and
my bundles and
those all are loading normally.
And then the service worker is loading
those into the service worker cache.
This is the really awesome thing about
this plugin that I found out about, and
I'm like this is so cool.
So if I go down here, let's go ahead and
I'll clear this out, and
then I click on this guy.
It actually is loading
from the ServiceWorker.
I have never loaded this,
I've never opened up this graph before but
it prefetchs all of my assets for me.
So all the code split stuff, all
the different chunks, all of the assets,
are loaded in the background while
I'm interacting with the app.
So, in other words, I go to the app,
it gives me just the bare minimum
of the stuff that I need.
And then while I'm doing other
cool things with it as a user,
it's in the background loading all of the
other assets I'll need as I use the app,
so it's the best of all the worlds.
Yeah, and that's one of the reasons why
I say I probably wouldn't use an app
without or I probably can't think of many
use cases where I wouldn't use this.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, so anybody else
have this up and running anywhere?
Sweet, awesome.
>> Kent C Dodds: Got a couple.
Anybody need help getting it running?
Anybody want to have?
>> Speaker 3: What did you type into
the command line again when you got
permission denied?
>> Kent C Dodds: It is
chmod +x scripts/deploy.